Nevermind.
The Nikola Tesla was probably the smartest person to have ever have lived.
Nevermind that 80% of all of your technology is because of
him,
nevermind that almost every single electronic item or anything you have that
plugs in or charges is a direct result of his works and achievements and
inventions,
nevermind that he could speak eight languages or that he had 700 patents from
around the world or that the electric motor, your radio,
remote controls, lasers, limitless,
free energy potentially.
And the alternating current are all a result of his works.
And yet most people aren't even aware of him.
All you hear about is Thomas Edison, who created the light bulb as you're aware.
And yet Thomas Edison was practically without Tesla. Now,
hold on. I know that Thomas Edison was a brilliant man. However,
the foundation of most of his inventions are because of Tesla's work.
In fact,
are you aware that Thomas Edison had promised $10,000 to Tesla in order to
approve his DC current,
which he was having issues with at the time and in the process,
Tesla ended up inventing the AC current, the alternating current,
which is what we use in anywhere in modern, in the modern world for electricity.
It requires significantly less power to be used. And it's just brilliant.
And Edison didn't like that because it wasn't his invention.
So he refused to pay Tesla, his $10,000. And instead,
he went on an aggressive marketing campaign to try and convince the public.
And the powers that be that the alternating current was bad.
It would burn down cities and every house in America.
And he even went to the extent to kill an electrocute and elephant dogs and
horses to try and prove his point, that guys,
a sicko Edison can go screw himself. Like for real,
he's not who people think he was, he was a dirt bag, a greedy money,
hungry dirt bag. All that being said, uh,
Edison failed in his attempt because obviously Tesla's invention of the AC
current was so superior that here it is today.
Yet when I mentioned limited this limitless free energy,
there is enough evidence that suggests that Tesla had figured that out.
And when I say evidence,
I would say more of qualifying evidence rather than quantitative,
but if you're not aware, Tesla,
despite all of his achievements died poor and shunned at the age of 86.
And when he died less than two days later,
the United States government raided his hotel room and took absolutely
everything out of it. All of his works, his map, everything,
and who knows what they did with it.
They claim that they gave everything back to his family later on, uh, in Europe,
but nobody knows for sure what they took now with all this being said.
And there's many other things I can mention about him like x-rays or spark plugs
and everything else that is in our lives today can be credited at their root
because of the works of Tesla.
But I have to stop there cause I can keep going on about that.
The most important achievements that he had wasn't necessarily the death Ray
that is believed that he created that his works are probably the result now of
some incredible top secret weapons of mass destruction that have been utilized
or have been created, I should say by the United States government,
which a lot of people are interested in.
People are fascinated by what it was a Tesla had figured out that was the made
the United States government. So eager to take his stuff.
And obviously limitless free energy is one of them because the powers that be
don't want limitless,
free energy that you only have to look at today and how the biggest corporations
on planet earth have bought up almost all of the water rights that they possibly
can in order to be able to charge mankind for the most crucial
element that we need or thing that we need, which is water.
So nevermind all that because I have a theory that Tesla had discovered
something far more significant. That's used it as an example,
and I'll be throwing some quotes up here on the screen.
I'll read some of them to you. Um,
but feel free to press pause in case I don't leave it up on the screen long
enough for you to read it. So,
but let's look at like this Tesla never went to work in his laboratory or
creating his inventions without PR.
What he did first I should say is to develop the idea in his brain.
And then he would go through every possible thing that could go wrong with it,
any opportunity for improvement.
And he would work it all out in simply just his brain before putting any of it
to practical use or building any of the technology.
And it was so successful for him and what I'm suggesting here.
And as I throw up,
some of these quotes is that Tesla had discovered a way as we all actually
naturally are able to do.
We just don't realize it to essentially be dialed in to the universal energies.
That essentially thoughts that come to us.
You ever wonder where those come from.
I have to say that some of the most brilliant ideas I've ever had in my life or
life changing ideas that were for the better seemingly came out of nowhere.
And I can't explain it.
You only have to look at various the most successful songs ever written the most
amazing works of art, other inventions, the most successful CEOs.
Talk about this stuff as well is all about intuition. That essentially,
if you put an a will to something,
it will materialize make no mistake. We as humans are creators.
Now I'm going to pull back a little bit on this conversation and save it for
another video where I could talk about the occult or universal energies.
And that essentially I'm convinced that every one of us has a divine nature to
us. Now, hold on, I'm not talking religion here.
I'm talking about the source of all things and how you can utilize your
powers. Am I say powers like, don't forget you are one's dirt.
And now you're a living,
breathing thing that survives by eating things that grow out of the ground that
were once dirt. And yet you'll be dirt again,
but in the middle of all that you are capable of experiencing love. I mean,
how do you explain love or laughter where do those things fit in for the
strongest survive? I'm convinced I believe in a divineness to everything.
I just don't see it in the same ways that most organized religions explain it
because they're omitting so much truth and they much of religions man-made.
Now I'm not saying that everything you read in the Bible of Grande or anywhere
else, isn't true. I think there's a lot of truth to those two major religions.
But what I'm saying here is that there are more truths out there that we haven't
seemingly discovered yet. I'll say I'll leave it at that.
I'll save more of this for another video, but now let me get onto these quotes.
That will kind of paint you a picture of where I'm going with this. For example,
Tesla said, but instinct is something which transcends knowledge.
We have undoubtedly certain finer fibers that enable us to perceive truth when
logical deduction or any other willful effort of the brain is fetal.
And this is part of the reason why his works were suppressed is that I'm
convinced the powers that be, do understand that intuitions are real thing. Um,
and they don't want everyone to know that they want the masses to be essentially
just sheep that fall in line and don't think for themselves in that creativity.
So that way the powers that be the Illuminati or whatever you want to call them,
uh, can just maximize the experience of their earthly existence.
If you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy,
frequency, and vibration guys, this was validated as a research,
a technological capabilities allowed scientists,
modern-day scientists to learn about Adams. That Adam's makeup everything,
whether it be a rock or a pen, this iPad, everything,
nothing solid everything's made up of the finest things.
The smallest things that we know of in the universe, which are atoms,
which have a nucleus and electron and seemingly,
when you have an object like a rock, what you're not aware of,
what you're human eyes don't show you is that most of that rock is actually
hollow. What we perceive as being completely solid,
isn't actually the case as discovered on the atomic level.
So everything is an Adam everything's made up of an energy.
We don't necessarily understand how it works.
Just like say consciousness like scientists agree that consciousness
is a form of energy. They don't understand how it works,
but they all agree that will energy is something that cannot be created or
destroyed, only transformed,
which is another reason why I buy into our divineness and that there's a lot of
things going on behind the scenes that are the veil of the human eyes.
Don't allow us to say, I mean, look, here's another quote.
The gift of mental power comes from God divine being.
And if we concentrate our minds on that truth,
we become in tune with this great power.
Now I'm under the impression that Tesla wasn't actually a religious person,
but yet he did believe that there was some sort of force out there that allowed
us to connect to everything and get us to where we are today and develop things
that we have even Einstein talked about. This people will try and tell you,
oh yeah, Einstein was an atheist. No, he wasn't. He wasn't religious.
But he talked about intuition as well.
And his most famous quotes on that have been suppressed. In fact,
at the beginning of this video, I said, you know,
Tesla being one of the smartest people ever, and a lot of people will disagree.
I'm like, oh no, no, no, no, no.
Einstein of course was the smartest person ever. Well,
look at what Einstein said about Tesla. He wasn't kidding. He really,
truly believed that Tesla was the smartest person in existence yet in school.
I don't remember learning about Tesla even once. Never, ever.
Did I learn about Tesla in school? You have to start adding up. Why is that?
And yet he was able to develop some of the most significant and important
inventions in the history of the world, all by just thinking things up.
If you think it's just because he was smart, he must've had a high IQ guys.
That's not what it is.
Think about how many modern scientists out there don't develop crap and think
about it. Tesla actually spoke about this. In fact, take this quote.
For example,
today scientists have substituted mathematics for experiments and they wander
off through equation after equation and eventually build a structure,
which has no relation to reality. He's not kidding.
Most of the world's smartest people today are not putting their genius to
practical use.
It's the same reason why they can't create incredible inventions the way Tesla
did despite not having the internet and all kinds of other resources.
He used his imagination. Alexander Graham bell talked about this.
Einstein talked about this many, many others,
some of the most significant inventors of all time have spoken about this.
Like I said, CEO's have spoken about this.
Even Donald Trump has spoken about this. And even if you don't like him,
give him some credit.
We're talking about someone who's been enormously successful in his life,
became the president of the United States, despite all the odds against him.
And he has talked about that. Everything changed in his life.
Once he started listening to his instincts,
instincts and intuition is real guys.
And that's the important message behind this video. Tesla was dialed in.
He figured that out. So I hope that this video helps open your mind to see that.
Look, if you trust Tesla, trust your intuition.
It's that first feeling or thought that comes to you. Your thoughts,
everything else like your brain, the human brain will screw you over,
but start researching intuition. It's a real thing.
There are some sort of energies out there that allow us to access
information and it is, well, look,
something big is happening behind the scenes and I'm convinced of it.
So I'm going to close up there. I'm Jimmy,
this is bright insight like and subscribe, help me spread the message.
Take care, everybody.